>> Steve Kinney: So now that we've
explored a bunch of Zod-related things and
just like a heads up,
there is some additional content for
you at various points.
I feel like we've covered testing Zod
by accident insofar that by learning it
we're writing tests.
But some other things that you need to
pop in or anything interesting to you.
But we wanna move into the main event,
as we spoke about before,
which is taking a look at our application.
Where, again, the part to look at
that's interesting is obviously
our little UI here, but we'll take
a look at the Express piece as well.
So let's talk about how to
get everything started up.
If you are using VS code, there is a task
in there where you can hit Cmd + Shift +
P, Run Task and Start, which will start
out both the server as well as the client.
But also you can also just
navigate with two terminal tabs,
one to the client repo, NPM, run dev,
one to the server repo,
NPM run dev and spin them both up.
If you're not in VS code,
whatever makes you happiest.
But you do need both running
in order to have a thing.
Otherwise you'll have a UI
that can't talk to a API or
an API with nothing to look at.
And they will be running, the UI will
be on 4000 and the API will be on 4001.
If those don't work for you,
you are more than welcome to change them,
but they work for me, so I'm not going to.
All right, so
there's a whole bunch of places
where we can make some improvements.
Let's look at it at a high level,
and then we will kind of dig in and
find a place to start.
All right, so
if we look at the client folder,
it is effectively a fairly
standard React jam with most
of the actual important stuff
being in the source directory.
We don't have to deal with a lot of this.
I tried to take most of the API
related stuff that we care about and
put it in this api.ts for
us to use, cuz that is, again,
when we talk about those boundaries and
where stuff from
the outside world comes in.
Obviously, where you make those fetch
calls is one of the bigger places.
There are some components,
there's a context, so
I didn't have to put stuff everywhere.
But large majority of what we talk about
is going to be in this api.ts in there,
and then eventually I
will get rid of this and
a few other things and
replace it in this types.ts.
But we might at one point or another pop
into another file just to do a little
quick refactor, but most of our life is
gonna be spent in these two little places.
On the server side of the game we've got,
again,
I chose to just make a simple
Express application.
In here though,
we've got the source directory,
which is the one we care about the most.
And some of these other files
mostly exist to get out of the way.
So we can look at server.ts,
which we've basically
got the ability to crud on these tasks,
right?
And so we've got those as well.
And we'll, there's some
prepared SQL statements again.
Do they need to go up here?
No, was I just trying to
get stuff out of the way so
that we could like focus on the parts?
Absolutely, so most of our time
on the server side is gonna be
in server.ts,
maybe popping into database at some point.
And then again, some helper files
just to get them out of the way so
that we can focus on
what we want to cover.
And then lastly, when it feels
appropriate, there's a shared folder
when we'll talk about the idea of
where is the source of truth, right?
Is like,
does it belong in the server repo?
Does it belong in the client repo?
I can make cases for almost all of them,
but then there's also a case to be made
of, should they be independent
of the two things as well?